yeah I think we all under a lot of
stress and I talk a lot about nothing
talk talk talk about nothing nothing
nothing I think and that's my way a
little bit too to handle situation
talk talk talk talk talk talk talk as
you understand our talk talk I think a
lot of people get tired of me because
the talk talk talk talk talk and I have
comments on everything must be annoying
for everybody else I mean you have a
nice look black suit on you I can talk
about that one I can talk about your
trouser there I can talk about here is a
squirrel I can talk about this square
why do you have a squirrel board and how
many squirrels do you think there is in
Sweden then people can guess is hundred
thousand squirrels now another there's
only one thousand it's very important
perhaps it's only 1,000 queries in
Sweden I think it's more hundred
thousand do you have to have a strong
opinion and know it's upsets people
strong opinion about everything you can
have talk about
through all the letters in the alphabet
you can talk about animals
we start with an a an animal on a and B
and C in the capitals of countries or
things like insects nasty people named
uh nasty people start from a a who could
be a nasty people on a I don't but I
know things like that they're all
different they they handled it in a
different way everybody it's it's it's
interesting to study how people we have
one on board our no names that eats all
the same time small things eat and go by
the day Bank has to take a little bit
eat a little bit strange behavior of
course eat all the time and we have one
guy he cannot but trim the sails even if
it doesn't do anything he can eat one
millimeter and take up again one and a
half and it continually doing that we
have one guy that is his his tents is
very tense but he thinks he's calm he
sits and reads unnecessary things
completely unnecessary things you know
that's and we have one guy that is doing
the boat very nice inside picking up
small things cleaning inside cleaning
corners cleaning everywhere really and
when it's done it starts from the
beginning again
so there are there is a lot of different
people it's interesting to see and I
talk talk talk talk talk talk